Un petit nid fouiller douillet situé dans  appartement tranversant, très lumineux avec une fenêtre dans chaque piece! Situé au 4ème étage, sans ascenseur, même après une bonne journée de marche ne nous a pas paru pénalisant. Mais au contraire, dès l\'entrée dans l\'appartement,  une belle décoration, très confortable, bien équipé, un VRAI lit en 160cm digne de se nom vous, bous fera oublié les marchés montées....un vrai airbnb, où Anne nous confie son lieux de vie en toute confiance. <br/>Notre hôtes a été très réactive et nous a facilité notre séjour pour tous les points demandés.<br/>Nous reviendrons chez Anne c\'est sur si l\'occasion se présente à nous.<br/> Merci encore.
Appartement spacieux, propre,clair, et calme à proximité de Montparnasse, dans un quartier vivant. Anne est très disponible. Je recommande vivement.
Appartement totalement rénové, en parfait état. Très bien décoré et cosy, on était bien accueilli et passé un très bon séjour à Paris avec ma fille. L’emplacement est parfait, 2-3 minutes à pieds de métro Pernety, très pratique. En même temps l’appartement silencieux, à la 4ème étage (sans ascenseur). Très bien équipé : la machine à laver, le frigo, le lave linge, le wifi... Seul bémol est une petite odeur occasionnelle au toilette de la canalisation ou de la ventilation mais pas très gênante.<br/>Je remercie Anne pour son accueil et recommande son appartement à Paris.
Perfect location!! Nasrine was a delight and made the whole process very easy. We also had a problem with construction noise, but it\'s good that they\'re doing some upkeep on the building. Thanks for a lovely stay in Paris. We\'ll be back!
This is a nice place in a great location in Paris, and the woman helping the owner was very kind to us. Thanks for helping my brother and his wife have a great time.
Nice studio, very clean, very quiet, in a great neighbourhood. Close to everything and very safe. The only down thing for me was that they were in the process of renovating the building and there were loud construction workers at my window starting at 8AM. For the rest, it was perfect.
Superb location, great studio.  <br/>A slice of Paris that is the real thing.  <br/>Wonderful host. Friendly merchants, (we needed a corkscrew and the neighboring restaurant uncorked our bottle, on our way to an evening picnic along La Seine. <br/> <br/>
Perfect place to be in Paris, walking home every night past Notre Dame and across the river through the old streets of the Ile St. Louis. The studio is just right- attractive, immaculate, with everything you could need.
Wonderful hosts - very accommodating, friendly and responsive. The apartment was perfectly situated and very comfortable furnished. It was exactly as described. Thank you!
Best location in Paris - very privy location and walking distance to everything! The apartment is small but perfect for one or two persons. Away from the street, it is very quiet and renovated with modern features. The sofa bed is extremely comfortable! I felt like a local staying there.
Just a short walk from several Metro stations, Notre Dame, Hotel de Ville, left bank, thus central to any destination in Paris; great bakery, wine, and cheese shops steps away. Lots of foot traffic on the weekends, but the the apartment is quiet and private. Small but well set up. Couldn\'t ask for better.
I can not imagine a better location to stay in Paris.  And the value of this apartment is outstanding. Small efficiency apt. but good use of space, tasteful, well stocked (Internet, telephone etc.). Psychologically comfortable, looking out large windows on inner courtyard, which makes the space feel larger. Neighborhood 17th/18th century stone buildings; classy and quiet. Nasrine was helpful and kind.
I always stay on the Ile Saint Louis when I am in Paris (where I spend 4-6 weeks per year every summer) and so I knew that the location is just perfect for me! Some say the Ile Saint Louis is too touristy in summer, but Borzou\'s studio is on the quiter, eastern half of the tiny island in the Seine - which is really like a small 17th century village.  <br/> <br/>The studio is exactly as advertised:  perfectly located, quiet, 100% updated, small but with all the creature comforts: an A+ \"American\" kitchen w/ a washing machine, flat screen TV w/ cable, wireless Internet connection and a phone w/ free calls from landline to landline. The studio is in the back of a restored building up 2 flights of 17th century wooden stairs. <br/> <br/>Within a ONE minute walk is a post office, pharmacy, small supermarket, bakery, butcher - and, of course, loads of restaurants. The Metro (Line 7, the \'pink\' line) at Pont-Marie is a FIVE minute walk across the Pont Marie. I am looking forward to my next visit!
Great studio in a perfect location. In the very center of old Paris and all things but very quiet. Very well set-up with wi-fi, washer, and a full kitchen. A Metro station is nearby but we found it was walking distance to everything. The host was warm and welcoming.  <br/> <br/>Overall, a wonderful experience.  Highly recommended.    <br/>
Air b & b review <br/>  <br/>Clean, cozy, good location, accommodating and helpful hosts, well stocked, accessible, lots of local to-do options, quiet, matched description fairly well. <br/>It was a good find! <br/>  <br/>Joyce Conaty and Sarah Alden
Fantastic location, quiet, clean, great place for 2 people.  Host is responsive to questions in a timely manner.  Kitchen has everything you need and things work well.
If you will be out all day sight-seeing in Paris, then this apartment can be a fine rental. It\'s re-finish is contemporary. The pull-out bed is comfortable. The wi-fi works. It\'s located on the quiet end of a busy tourist street. There is plenty to do and see within walking distance and 5 minutes from the Metro. <br/> <br/>If you think you\'ll be spending some time hanging out in the apartment, note that there aren\'t any views out the windows, which look out onto a small courtyard, and, most likely, you\'ll want to keep the shades drawn for privacy. 
My boyfriend and I stayed here last May.  This location is hard to beat.  Perfect location - We only used the metro two or three times during our week stay.  The apartment was cozy and comfortable for two.  Nasrine met us with the keys upon our arrival.  She was very nice and made us feel at home.  Borzou was also very helpful in his communication including restaurant recommendations, sights to see, along with other helpful and practical information for our stay.  Thank you!
Cozy apartment in a great location!  I would definitely stay here again the next time I\'m in Paris.
A wonderful experience! The studio was exactly as the pictures described. we were met on time by gracious Nazerine, and made to feel at home. <br/>A perfect location, yet quiet and relaxing. It was a true home away from home. We can\'t wait to go back!
As virtually all the reviews note, the apartment is in a great location, clean and quiet.  Highly recommended despite the sofa bed now deeply impregnated with many previous bodies and very old thin pillows. However, perhaps this is part of the value for money equation-- in all other respects the apartment is fantastic. There is also a good range of travel/guide books on Paris in the apartment. 
Amazing in every way! (Location, amenities, host, etc..)   I loved walking home every day down the narrow streets of the island. Highly recommended - you will love it!
I had a great stay in Borzou\'s apartment
Perfect studio in a prefect location! <br/>It was so quiet, which was important for me to be able to work, write and rest. It was also an easy walk to all the tourist highlights and the many great restaurants and bars. Overall a great hideaway in the middle of it all, and a wonderful introduction to a charming city!  <br/>Thanks for allowing me to stay in the studio ... I will certainly be back. 
An amazing studio with everything you need, wonderful location and very private, quiet and clean.  A peaceful oasis of calm in the busy Paris centre.  The apartment is extremely warm and cosy, has a brilliant washing machine and kitchen, great shower, and beautiful view out into the square courtyard of the building, very calm and relaxing, it has a very good feeling.  I would highly recommend this apartment.  This was my first time using the airbnb site and I was most impressed with what I experienced.  Thank you to Nasrine for being such a lovely host with a very warm and honest manner.  I want to stay again soon!!
I had a peaceful 3-week stay in Borzou\'s cozy studio. Compared to other studio apartments I\'ve stayed in in Paris, this one has enough space and is set up to function really well. As well, the pull-out bed is comfortable. It\'s a quiet building, and a quiet area of the city except on weekends. The location is fantastic for exploring both right and left banks on foot; metro lines are close.  <br/>The only problem I had was that I lost my cell phone connection while in the apartment, as did my friends who came to visit. But there\'s also a phone line, and wifi in the apartment :)  <br/>I thoroughly enjoyed my stay and can recommend staying at Borzou\'s studio!
I stayed at Borzou\'s flat for 10 days in March and couldn\'t have asked for a thing. All was perfect! The apartment is exactly as pictured: clean, and comfortable, while the linens are fresh and the neighborhood quiet. While I was usually out during the day, evenings in the flat were always peaceful and relaxing.  <br/> <br/>But, what I liked most was the location! Situated on the I\'le St. Louis, you are perfectly located between the Left and Right Banks. Everything you could need (ATM, boulangerie, fromagerie, market, metro, restaurants, and shopping) is just minutes away. An ice cream from the Berthillon window is a fun evening ritual and I highly recommend a visit to the church across the street for a concert. I enjoyed a beautiful Bach concert one night and it was one of the many highlights of my visit. But, equally important, is that females traveling alone can feel safe here. Regardless of whether it was day or night, I always felt at ease, whether within the apartment or walking around the neighborhood.  <br/> <br/>Finally, the communication from both Borzou and Nasrine is prompt, reliable and very helpful! Nasrine, who will likely welcome you, is a delight and helps you feel right at home! Travel guides and maps in the apartment are a blessing. And, if you\'re lucky, the previous guest has left some snacks and wine, a bonus when you arrive exhausted and just want to relax! <br/> <br/>Overall, I couldn\'t have asked for a better experience! Should I find myself in Paris again, this would be the first place I looked!
I visit Paris for a few weeks each year, and I typically stay in this neighborhood because it is such an excellent location - an easy walk to either bank of the Seine.  The particular flat is rather small, but if you don\'t mind the tight quarters, it has everything you\'d need, and it is arranged to maximize the use of the space.  The bed, even though it is a sofa-bed, it very comfortable (I was there for more than 2 weeks).  There is laundry in the unit, which is quite convenient.  This is the perfect place for 1 person for a longer stay, or two people for a shorter stay (unless they really love eachother, and can stand the close quarters for longer).
We had a really great time at Borzou\'s  apartment. Everything worked very well. The location is simply awsome and this helped us a lot to enjoying Paris the way we did. Definitely I would stay there again next time I go to Paris.  <br/>Lucia  <br/>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
This was my second stay at Borzou\'s apartment.  It\'s the perfect spot right in the heart of the city.  Everything you could need right at your doorstep! Love it!
Location! Location! Location! This is the perfect little place right in the center of Paris. My 5 weeks stay allowed me to explore a lot of Paris, and mostly by foot. When I did take the Metro (only 3x) there were two lines within walking distance. I loved being able to step over the bridge on one side into The Latin Quarters and on the other side into The Marais. Many of the main attractions for tourist are within walking distance, and if you are there for a longer stay, the central location makes it great for going outside the touristy areas. <br/> <br/>The apartment was great for coming back to after all-day explorations. I also spent a lot of time inside working, as well as relaxing. While there are tons and tons of places to eat, the apartment has a great little kitchen that I made use of. There is a laundromat just a few steps away from the apartment, so packing light is not a problem. There is a washer in the apartment (no dryer) so wash-and-hang clothes work best. For women traveling alone this is a very safe area. On the weekends the island has a little more foot traffic (there are so many great shops) than on the weekdays - and especially on Mondays, it is very quiet and peaceful. <br/> <br/>The apartment is great for a romantic getaway or for a single person looking for a retreat. My stay at the flat was memorable and I hope to return to this little island that I now consider my home away from home.
A beautiful flat in a great location - everything was exactly as described! 
This apartment is in such a wonderful location!! Right in the heart of everything - you can walk to Saint Germain des Pres, Notre Dame, the Louvre! It is such a picturesque little island in the heart of Paris. A number of metro stops are close by, so getting to other places is really easy. The apartment itself is a studio - but very comfortable and cosy - complaints from us! Thank you Borzou and Co. We had a wonderful time. I would recommend this place to anyone wanting to stay in Paris.
This studio flat on Ile-St-Louis is in an excellent location. Two underground stations are close, so you can get anywhere in the city quite easily. The apartment is in an older building, reached by a narrow, winding staircase, but it has been renovated to modern standards. Amenities include security-enabled wireless, combination microwave/conventional oven, washing machine, single-handled faucets, desk and chair, nice towels. Recycling is encouraged.  <br/>I had a poor introduction though: my first two nights were very disturbed due to loud noises from the flat above – scraping, banging, clattering, dragging furniture and loud voices went on until 1:30 in the morning. After the first two nights, everything was fine, so I must have just been unlucky at the beginning. <br/>For privacy, you need to keep the drapes closed, so the room can seem closed-in. <br/>All in all, it was a comfortable, safe place to stay. Recommended. <br/>
The studio apartment is small but just fine for two. Elaheh, their aunt, met us and she is lovely lady, she told us about the apartment and the neighborhood. We never could get the oven going but everything else worked fine and lots of hot water.  <br/>Location,location,location...........it is great!!! I highly recommend this <br/>studio apartment, we would book the apartment again.
Borzou\'s apartment was certainly a perfect location for our stay in Paris, we were close to many markets and so could buy meat, fish, vegetables, cheese,and fruit, etc as we wished. It was nice to be able to prepare our own meals. Highly recommend for an extended break in Paris.
Mum and son bunked in together on the settee for 8 days of a great stay in Paris. We loved staying on the island. It is an oasis in the busy-ness of Paris. The studio is very efficient to live in with everything at your fingertips.The kitchen is very easy to use and supplies are shared from other stayers and the owners in good trust. There is an excellent bar up the corner for happy hour to watch the folks sashay from the Marais to the Latin behind Notre Dame. The boulangerie, wine shop, butcher and co are steps away and the local restaurants are quite ok too. Highly recommended to stay here and I hope to be back! 
There are so many great parts of this apartment. The location is phenomenal, with easy access to Metro (St. Paul and Pont Marie stops), great access to bakery and two different groceries, a produce market, and a high-end cheese shop. That\'s just to name the places we were most interested in! And not to mention, the best ice cream in Paris is less than a block away!  <br/> <br/>The only drawback to the apartment is the storage space. We were staying for 8 days, and it would have been nice if there had been some more cabinet space to put our clothes. There is a closet with as many hangars as you could possibly need. We just hung all our clothes. But folded clothes (like undergarments) we had to keep on the bookshelf. Of course, this is really all I can think to comment on. The hot water is plentiful. The kitchen is stocked with glasses and plates. And the bed is comfortable. I highly recommend the apartment.
The neighborhood is ideal to visit Paris!! Seriously the best. The apartment is small but as advertised, and is cozy and nice. We loved it!
能居住在聖路易島上已經相當幸福了，而且還能用這麼划算的價錢住進一個這麼溫暖的小窩。對於一個初次拜訪巴黎的人，Borzou夫婦和接待我們的Elaheh提供了在巴黎長久居住應有的資訊。每天出門之後，就能好好跟塞納河說說話。週末你一要如同Borzou夫婦推薦的，好好造訪就在對街的教堂，我真的很享受管風琴演奏和唱詩班對神的禮讚！這裡的晚上真的相當寧靜，衷心推薦給想要好好體驗巴黎生活的旅客。
Ótimo local no coração da cidade, nos sentimos moradores de Paris...estadia excelente, esperamos retornar em breve.<br/>Recomendamos a todos.
Appartement 5 sur 5 !
Fantastic location in the heart of Paris. Easy to hop on the metro but you can also walk along the Seine and run into most of the city\'s top attractions. Quiet street surrounded by shops and restaurants. Good communication with hosts. A great stay all around.
Elaheh nos recibió de forma muy atenta y cordial. Nos explicó el funcionamiento de todo el departamento y cómo llegar a los transportes públicos de la zona. Incluso cuando le informamos que no andaba el calefactor del baño se ofreció a llamar a un técnico para que lo reparara. El departamento es más lindo en las fotos que en la realidad. Es un poco menos cuidado y desgastado de lo que aparenta. La cama no es muy cómoda pero si pensás estar poco tiempo en París, está bien. La ducha es realmente pequeña, una persona grande o corpulenta no podría bañarse cómodamente. Algo que realmente nos llamó la atención es el ruido que hace el vecino de arriba. Escuchas que camina y corre muebles todo el tiempo hasta altas horas de la noche. Nos hubiera gustado que el departamento estuviera un poco más limpio. <br/> La zona en la que está el departamento es realmente muy hermosa. Es muy accesible a todas las atracciones turísticas de la zona. Podés ir caminando a Notre Dame y a los museos más importantes. Hay muchos restaurantes y comercios. Tenés mercados, panaderías, queserías y un montón de negocios muy cerca. 
Apartamento pequeño pero muy bien ubicado y muy bien equipado.  La limpieza en general correcta pero los nórdicos sería  bueno que los cambiaran o limpiaran pues tenían bastantes manchas y no había sábanas para introducir los nórdicos en ellas.
It\'s a great place to stay and I really enjoyed my time on Isle Saint Louis. I\'d stay again!
We spent 4 weeks at Borzou\'s apartment on l\'Ile Saint-Louis from mid-March until mid-April, 2017.  We were met by a family member of the owners and she made our \"welcome to the apartment\" easy.  We found the place exceptionally clean.  The comfortable bed was easy to fold out and restore.  The location is so central that we walked many places where on previous visits we took the metro or bus.  Much to our surprise and delight, Georges Moustaki had lived in this same building!  We are in our 60\'s and have really enjoyed his music -- even saw him in concert at l\'Olympia in 2000.  We are Airbnb \"regulars\" and recommend this place.
Borzos\'s place was super convenient and perfect for a four-week stay. It\'s tiny but just what I needed. Thank you!
The location of this apartment on the quieter island of Saint Louis is just perfect. The room is a sweet little hideaway right in the center of everything. I stayed for a week and loved my little Paris escape. The apartment has everything you need! But you won\'t be in there much because, Paris!!
Perfect location.  Stayed a month and saw all of Paris. This location is minutes away from the best street performers, tourist shops, Franprix grocery store, and metro is one stop away from Chatelet les Halles (the main RERtrain station).  Very romantic ambiance on the Seine Canal.  You would be lucky to rent this apartment!
We had a great time during our one week stay. Fantastic location and apartment near plenty of great restaurants and all sites are easily accessible by walking or Metro.
El lugar es excelente, muy fácil de ubicarse, seguro y muy acogedor. Mi mejor elección.
You won\'t be disappointed - there is no better place from which to explore the beautiful city. Host is excellent - attentive and understanding. Thank you!
Excellent
Loved the location. The family was very helpful and hospitable. Close to Norte Dame and the metro:] could not have asked for a better stay in Paris
Sentirse vecino por unos días de la Isla de San Luis es una experiencia maravillosa, la historia, la belleza y el arte están en cada esquina. El apartamento esta en el mismo edificio donde vivió Georges Moustaki. Es acogedor y está muy bien organizado. Me  recibió Elaheh muy amablemente  y me dió todas las explicaciones necesarias para una estancia agradable. Yo lo recomiendo totalmente he pasado unas vacaciones  fabulosas  y sin duda repetiría encantado.
Delphine & Borzou\'s flat is amazingly central, centered in between the neighborhoods of Le Marais, Saint Germain De Pres & the Latin Quarter. Clean and quiet, the flat is perfect for a solo traveller or a couple. It\'s walkable to many cute shops and restaurants. A big thank you to Elaheh, who welcomed me into the flat and was always easily reachable by a quick text message. I would recommend Delphine & Borzou\'s flat to anyone. Thank you!
The apt is in a great location, very quiet for sleeping, the bed I found to be very comfortable and while I didn\'t use the kitchen other than coffee, is great. The only negative was the small bathroom and shower....however it is great value.
The studio is perfect for a couple and the location is wonderful--near public transit, walkable to so many things. At 6 pm, the chimes can be heard from Norte Dame--beautiful.  The shower is small, so just be aware.
Very nice location. Quiet apartment close to everything. We had everything we needed.
We absolutely loved the location; we had coffee at the end of the street and could view Notre Dame...  Boulangerie, Patisserie, and Charcuterie all of a minute walk...  Stairs are tight, best for those packing light.  Best for 1 or 2 people...
My wife and I spent a wonderful week in Borzou\'s apartment & highly recommend it! The location is absolutely perfect for exploring central Paris & is within easy walking distance of many of its most famous sights (Notre Dame, Louvre, Bastille, Luxembourg Gardens, Etc.). Don\'t miss out on Berthillon\'s ice cream shop across the street. Elaleh was super friendly, responsive and helpful during our stay. Yes, the apartment is small, but it was a perfect spot for the two of us. Would love to visit again!
Lugar súper ubicado y muy lindo
位置非常好，房子內佈置舒適，實際上的大小比照片小，不過對於兩個人居住非常剛好。
Um lugar maravilhoso no centro de Paris, vale muito a pena ficar hospedado nesse Studio!
Expensive for what it was. Had a very moldy smell and the blankets were dirty (bodily fluids from previous guest) definitely not worth 100$ a night.
This apartment is well located and is exactly as advertised with a very easy check-in and check-out.
Es un estudio muy acogedor. Vais a dormir en un sofá cama. Tiene calefaccion, asi que no vas a pasar frio. El baño está bien pero la ducha es estrechita. Transporte público a 6 minutos caminando. La estación: Pont Marie, Línea 7. Hay un minisuper al ladito. Esta cerquisima de Notre Dame y desde ahí se puede caminar a todos los puntos turísticos de Paris. Facil comunicación con Aeropuerto y Disneyland. El estudio es muy completo, no te va a faltar de nada. Lo recomiendo.
A pleasant and comfortable apartment in a tremendous location. The host was friendly and helpful. Recommended!
The location of this charming studio can\'t be beat! It\'s a perfect place for Paris adventures. There are nice shops and restaurants on the island. It\'s walking distance from other great neighborhoods --Latin Quarter, St. Germain, Le Marais, Notre Dame, and more. If you want to venture out further there is great access to metro and buses. Plus the apartment is clean, comfortable, and has everything you need for a nice trip. Also it\'s very quiet and we slept well. Elaheh is a good host and easy to work with. We enjoyed our stay.
The flat is exactly as described and the location is great! The bed was surprisingly comfortable and it was great having a kitchen to cook breakfast in.
If I had pick a place in the city to stay it would be impossible to get a better one than this flat. It’s cozy, clean, walking distance from all we wanted to visit and the host is super sweet. I stayed with my mother for a couple of days and we both had a great time!
Fantastic location - near several major attractions including Notre-Dame, Marais district, Latin Quarter, the Louvre and Orsay museums.  Narrow stairs up to the apartment so advise not bringing a large suitcase.  Grocery shopping, bakery and several great restaurants very close.
Parfait.
The apartment was central to everything in the heart of Paris! A quiet and clean place in the best location.
Amazing location!
Place is much smaller than it appears in photos, but it is a great location!
It was my husbands birthday and he said it was his best trip to Paris by far.<br/>Elaheh our host was welcoming and kind.She spent a great deal of time with us explaining where everything was even though we where a little late to meet her.<br/>The flat is as described exactly.Cozy,clean and the bed was surprising comfortable for a pull out couch.<br/>My husband suffers from a bad back so we where taking a chance with a pull out.He had no issue with his back.<br/>Great location with a wonderful neighborhood and fantastic restaurants with pastry shops that where to die for Yum!<br/>Everything you dream Paris is about is here!<br/>We have always rented a car when we visit Paris, but really no need to.<br/>The location is central to everything.<br/>Thank you for making this trip a memorable one five stars for sure!!<br/>Cheers,<br/>Dk and Farshid
Incredible location, wonderful apartment, easy walking to 3 different metro stations.  Pull out sofa bed is the main drawback.
Location fantastic. Lovely apartment.
excelente localizaçao<br/>ap reformado<br/>cozinha planejada
Let me start off by saying that the location of this studio is amazing, you couldn’t ask for a more central place to stay in Paris. Gelato places and restaurants are everywhere! <br/>We stayed for a month and got a good impression of the area and the studio. <br/>The studio is small, but the two of us were fine space-wise. The current sofa bed however needs to be replaced with something better. We had two extremely restless nights on it before moving the mattress to the floor. This was still not good, and definitely made the amount of functional space smaller, but it had to be done. A month is a long time to sleep on the floor. If you had a shorter stay, it would still not be comfortable. <br/>Something to keep in mind for the summer months, there is no A/C, and the windows open to an interior courtyard, so there is not much airflow. This also comes in to play when air drying your laundry. <br/>Overall I would say that this is a great location to stay in, but judging from the guest book, this has been a vacation rental for about 10 years, and I feel that some things need to be “refreshed”. <br/>For those with any type of mobility issues, the uneven, steep, and winding stairs will be an issue. <br/>For anyone over 180lbs, the shower is going to be an extremely tight squeeze. <br/>If you have asthma or any type of smoke allergies, I would skip this place as the other apartments all seemed to contain smokers, which means the inner courtyard fills with the smell of smoke, and in the summer months when you NEED the windows open, the studio also fills with the smell of smoke (and incense!). <br/>It is a quiet location due to this inner courtyard, so you won’t hear traffic noises, even in the heart of the city. <br/>We loved Paris, and for the most part loved the studio, and some of these things will seem picky, but I would have appreciated knowing some of these types of things when booking, so hopefully these are taken in that context. :) Elaheh was great to deal with and was always quick to respond if we had an issue.
Everything at the apartment was in good working order.  Its ideal location makes walking to Left and Right Bank easy.  Proximity to! barges during Paris Plages along the Seine was wonderful!
Great place in the heart of old Paris!  The location is so nice, steps away from restaurants, corner stores, and the Notre Dame Cathedral.  Quiet neighbourhood and easy access to the Metro.  The apartment has everything you need for a short or extended stay, with a full kitchen and laundry machine.  Most hotels in Paris won\'t have these amenities.  Elaheh (the caretaker) was wonderful and helpful.  We\'d definitely stay again!
Very clean and convenient small studio. Comfortable for two people with great restaurants and boulangeries close by.
Frankly, at first sight the apartment\'s small size worried me.  I thought nine days in such a tiny space would be less than the experience Susan and I were hoping for.  I couldn\'t have been more wrong.  The unit was perfect as our home away from home during our stay in Paris.  Guillaume was very responsive and check-in was totally painless.  As for location in the city, you couldn\'t ask for better.  There is no view from the windows, as they look out into a small courtyard, but that allowed us to keep the windows open with no street noise entering the unit.  We would stay at this Airbnb again without hesitation.
Studio de petite taille très bien situé au coeur de Paris mais avec canapé-lit dont le matelas est de qualité médiocre, et douche dont l\'accès n\'est pas aisé pour obèses (que nous ne sommes pas).
This is a perfect spot in the heart of Paris. You can hear the Notre Dame cathedral chimes, and walk across the Seine over several different bridges. You can walk to many of the major attractions that tourists visit, and the Metro and RER stations are very close. We didn’t lack for bakeries, grocery stores, restaurants, photo ops, anything. Perfect for 1 or 2 persons. Fold out bed is very comfortable. Be prepared for tight stairways and shower in this quaint building. The absolutely fantastic location trumps everything!
This studio has to be in one of the best locations in Paris! When you walk outside the door everything is within easy reach. Boulangerie, great restaurants and a picturesque  tiny street that has only the occasional car! Magnifique! The studio is on the petite side like most of Paris, but is fine for couple or solo travellers. I’d definitely book again! Guillaume gave a beautiful warm welcome which was really appreciated after a long flight from Australia. Thank you!
The location is perfect!! The surrounding streets are very nice and pretty. I would give location 6 stars if I could. The place, especially the bathroom/shower is small, however. I still highly recommend this place.
생 루이 섬 베르티용 본점 바로 근처에 있는 숙소로 노트르담성당,생샤펠, 마레지구 등 주요 관광지로 도보 이동 가능합니다. pont marie역과 도보 5분 내외로 접근성도 좋고 (st.paul역도 도보 이동 가능) 슈퍼마켓, 베이커리 등 숙소 주위에 편의시설도 부족함 없습니다. 상세 페이지에 안내된 대로 계단이 좁아서 짐이 많거나 무릎이 좋지 않으신 분들은 삼가시는 게 좋겠습니다. 냄비, 수저, 식기세척기, 세탁기, 오븐, 그릇 등 일체 주방기구 구비되어 있었고 다만 화장실 샤워부스는 배수가 다소 원활하지 않았습니다.  체크인할 때 현관 여는 법이 낯설어 당황했는데 호스트 Guillaume가 직접 와주고 이것저것 설명 잘 해줘서 잘 해결되었습니다. 참고로 1층 현관 열 때 비밀번호 누르고 오른쪽 부분을 미는 게 좋습니다. 체크아웃 날 짐 보관 할 장소에 대해 조언을 구했을 때도 세심하게 배려해줘서 당일 짐 없이 편하게 여행할 수 있었습니다.
